We meet graffiti everyday on various places: on blocks, walls, subways and public toilets
There are a lot of different styles and types of graffiti in the street art
The so called post-graffiti officially are considered as urban visual art
The new name is used to separate the new urban art from the vandalism
Graffiti art as a part of the hip hop culture may have political, social or moral messages
The advertisement industry starts to use them later
The valuable in the street art is in its originality, expressivity and accessibility
Some graffiti artist gain a wide popularity with their street works
which are not only demonstration of talent but also deep messages
The Graffiti already found their place in Sofia (BG) through ON!Fest, Sprite Graffiti Fest,  Urban Creatures
and commercial campaigns as X-Factor and DZP Danone
My name is Ivo (Yeto / 140 Ideas) and I draw
In 2004 - 2005 there was a big boom of graffiti and street art in Sofia
Rikardo (Rays): There are a lot of people doing this (graffiti) and the scene is growing up...
Yeto (140 Ideas) and exactly in this moment little by little there start to pop up a lot of canvas, posters and all kind of things different than just simple letters
At the moment there is some accumulation - a lot of the old things are disappeared, there are also few people doing street art and there is some level (of skill)
The tags showed up when the gangsters were separating their territory in the States
It s very hard to explain to somebody who does not do graffiti why somebody goes somewhere and write his name there
I do it for my self, not so much for the culture but for me
The things we see everyday, the colors and everything around us. Why we cannot change it? We have to create by ourself for ourself
I cannot say that all pieces (works) have the same message. I am trying to think on different topics and also all of the works to corresponding with the place where is done
The things always have different meaning and  every work should provoke the people to think
does not matter if it will be propaganda or something just colorful
Graffiti is maybe the most self-contradictory art
There are lame and deep pieces (which goes also to museums and galleries)
The Bombs are illegal graffiti done in a dangerous place for a quick time with high dosage of risk
The people with who I work in Bulgaria are Germain, Flag, Teleto (140 Ideas)
A big respect to XPOME, MORE, VA C
LBC Crew, USA Crew... All who work recently are pretty good
I am a big fan of Dan Weeds